heiko ladies high thirties I would like
to shake your hand but have an old
sorcerer give me some knuckles yeah no
yeah great you have the camera there you
see you see official universal
television yes okay so sell McQueen
final metadata psychic oh no a la bremen
fast a furious yo super low faeren add
amanda ahora Coco sudhir st SE dosti
convince la mia non avere questo filmer
yah So La Raza what what would you say
to my granny to convince her to come and
see this movie and you have just one
sentence it's gonna make her feel
younger yes it's gonna wipe off about
30-40 years you're gonna be in your
chair having a great time you're gonna
love it and you should bring all of your
other friends with you the other old
ladies with you you know it's good good
energy you see you all feel young again
djt fraternity grantee fraternally joven
84 @ o da da da guerra tani antsy porta
tutitu a Michigan Teddy fraternal a
tutti quanti Johnny and non credo I the
thing I think now and sorry SETI to
retorno coma don t otra cosa vilma toy
fatto it's a condo fee Nogueira molto
strano what is already forensic come
questo you're coming back in the Fast
and Furious franchise after you've done
the second one like many other actors
are coming back so what's the difference
between the second one and this fifth
one the fifth one is the best one we had
a great time and number two was the best
one at the time but number 5 Trump's at
all and I think politician you are no no
for real its if I didn't feel that way i
would tell you I would tell you too fast
too furious was better than five but
everybody as well as the audience around
the world agree box office receipts
around the world has been huge everybody
wants to see this movie and they're
really leaving the theater enjoying it
and I'm just honored that of all of them
I came back for this one I had a great
time man nisha gay hey daddy freddy e
questo è ancora meglio cuando official
do L do L millirem ahora el chico am in
your debt 0 kay rasa de bonita con ese
otro dia an onforce a cozy edit st
bernard i grandi civic a sequence OV
stop fazendo in total mando torn era
incesto will you be back in the sixth
one
you know what if the audience want to
see us do six I think we'll show up to
do six everybody wants to see you no no
no this is it's it's a team effort thank
you for all the people who appreciate my
character Roman Pearce I love Rome I
love the energy I hear this has been the
best premiere by far man so much energy
out here this is what it's about it's
about the fans it's about the energy i
love it hey guys cillo irani fan Ludo
Narada Toby tutti quanti olo ternary
luana lani pero un lavoro dis quadra non
sono solo John all tiguan t equal
alergia sent a cool okay lomond avanti
requested Raniero milan mini Oregon hola
Senora una McGee stoke assistant agente
ineffective in co prima SI queremos
Louie second a capo subir a gal Quinto
filmer ancora constanta how's that
possible that you're the fast furious
franchise is as the first movie and
still this huge crowd is so nobody's
tired it's a cult following baby it's a
cult following you're not gonna be able
to do anything about it it's not gonna
slow down any time soon everybody around
the world loves cars we love fixing cars
up putting the rims and the custom
interiors custom paint jobs it's a
culture that's around the world and this
is the franchise that makes it cool and
fun and these are all the car buyers
around the world that's what it's about
you feel sexy in a nice car and you're
doing to you chew your car oh absolutely
come to LA I'll show you DJ vice chair
toe de tous des moines Pocoyo mentari
hacer del generic a tutti quanti amo la
macchina Aviano a mono Recodo figura de
ha no personal Azhar a la llamada meter
la punto modify garlic estos anche lui
low-fat salud 80 eccomi chart ok lofaso
viene de trabajo